we have another great Halloween
tradition here at the show that is our
half and half Halloween costume pageant
and this we take half of one costume and
we take half of another costume and we
combined them two for instance if you
were to combine Darth Vader and Ruth
Bader Ginsburg you would have Ruth Bader
Ginsburg or something like that it's um
it's kind of a mash-up and with that
said it's time now for our 14th annual
half an hour Halloween costume
Wow look at this you guys are very
festive here tonight hi Guillermo how
you doing Jimmy good what are you
dressed as cynical penis just like you
you know do you know what circuit where
the circus peanut is they try it to me
but I never try it before don't bother
all right all right so here's how this
is gonna work we're gonna bring out
these costumes I'm gonna pick one person
in the audience somebody near me because
I can barely move and then if you can
correctly identify the costume you will
win dinner for two at a popular la
restaurant selected by me person nobody
knows the names and restaurants huh all
right all right well we'll figure it out
all right so here we go and who wants to
start we'll start with you right here
all right what is your name
Avery Avery are you smart I hope so
we're gonna find out right now all right
sending the kids oh this is a big kid
all right so here we go everyone you
stand up so we can chat here all right
Avery now again it's a half-and-half
costume so we'll start with smoky smoky
what okay now let's just wait no let's
go through let's go through a thought
process here for a second the smoky the
recliner roll off the tongue no it
doesn't okay take one more look at it
Smokey the Bear well no that's the
actual thing is a bet
what smokey a chair that is well you got
help on that but that's okay all right
Aaron what do you have careful here we
got a gift card for Musso and Frank's
restaurant yes have someone help you
order okay there we go
all right thank you smokey
[Music]
[Applause]
right there stand up yes what's your
name Colleen who is this Kermit okay got
half of it now it's a popular movie I'm
gonna give you that clue right now it's
the most popular movie right now
looks like Joker and Kermit adds up to
Kermit the Joker I'm gonna have to move
to that section I think it's joke Kermit
it's joke Kermit all right but Guillermo
give her something anyway there you go
what do we have there gamble for major
major domo restaurant major domo
restaurant oh there's the door let's see
what
who's coming through the door all right
Prince stand up for a second yes you
come up here now I'm hoping her a little
bit better at this and our last two
contestants what do you see there do you
know the movie frozen
yeah do you know that character from
frozen nope go sit down
give them the dinner anyway hey hey yo
you get dinner at kearney at Ted's what
are you little person no life Zola Zola
fits it is the delightful snowman and
the antidepressant medication poor I
could use some of that right now we
spent about eighty thousand dollars on
these costumes and not one of you knows
what it is well let's get this job right
here
stand up here you're it's your time to
shine come a little closer to me alright
what's your name
doin okay Julian what are you seeing
here a Friday kiddin me B yes Julie yes
you have Vinnie's welcome Julian you
seem nervous and wow it turned out you
really nailed it
thank you we're gonna have that for our
staff lunch tomorrow so right here
Wow you just shut up in your pajamas
didn't you get your name how old are you
Brittany 31 you're never gonna get this
Brittany what is this mashup something
not a fireplace well yes I mean that's a
little literal way of assessing it we're
looking for the character do you know
what that character is it's Alf so
knowing that that is elf now what comes
to mind
I don't ll care more next year let's not
have the audience guess all right yeah
what is that tell us out remember kids
I'm watching you he's Alf on a show
[Applause]
Martine Bianco oh that's a wonderful
restaurant all right Wow boy I'm really
sweating in this thing how about you do
you think you could do better here we go
step right up
what is your name Adrian please I'll be
here on you we need to on behalf of the
audience we need some representation now
look at the monitor right here okay now
what do you see there
floating popsicle stick your it's close
it is a kitchen utensil what does it
also look like a vampire
yes what's the most famous Dracula
spatula that's close enough
couch spatula is what we're looking for
Republican restaurant république yes
exactly
congratulations thank you Wow we're
getting closer we're getting smarter oh
my god
all right did anyone go to college
please the doctors yes yeah the guy
dressed like a doctor this is what we
need somebody who at least is dressed
like he's smart all right what's your
name my name is mark mark stuff down
here mark take a look
examine the Hat let us know what this is
salad ET leafy tea look at the finger Oh
guacamole et Kwok exactly angelito three
of thank you mark congratulations Wow
okay
[Applause]
[Music]
seems like a basketball fan you monster
space champ Jersey step up here take a
look
tell me what we're seeing right now this
one is not so easy I'm feeling cheesy
tonight so so he's feeling cheesy it is
NBA legend Metta World Peace and what is
his costume Metta World cheese almost
think Greek feta world cheese you get
dinner al see very good thank you for
playing
World Peace in your area thanks to
everyone who participated thanks to our
very below average intelligence wise
audience and thanks to Rodney and Sydney
and everyone in our wardrobe and props
apartment for working on these costumes
if you liked that video click the
subscribe button but only if you're
ready for commitment